---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_inventory_source Data Source - terraform-provider-awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for Inventory Sources in AWX.
---

# awx_inventory_source (Data Source)

Data source for Inventory Sources in AWX.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awx_inventory_source" "example" {
  inventory_source_id = 10
}

output "inventory_source_name" {
  value = data.awx_inventory_source.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `inventory_source_id` (Number) The ID of the inventory source.

### Read-Only

- `credential_id` (Number) The credential used for the inventory source.
- `description` (String) The description of the inventory source.
- `enabled_value` (String) The value of the variable that determines if the inventory source is enabled.
- `enabled_var` (String) The variable that determines if the inventory source is enabled.
- `execution_environment` (Number) The execution environment for the inventory source.
- `host_filter` (String) The host filter for the inventory source.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inventory_id` (Number) The inventory the inventory source belongs to.
- `name` (String) The name of the inventory source.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Whether to overwrite the inventory source.
- `overwrite_vars` (Boolean) Whether to overwrite the inventory source variables.
- `source` (String) The source of the inventory source.
- `source_path` (String) The source path for the inventory source.
- `source_project_id` (Number) The source project for the inventory source.
- `source_vars` (String) The variables for the inventory source.
- `update_cache_timeout` (Number) The update cache timeout for the inventory source.
- `update_on_launch` (Boolean) Whether to update the inventory source on launch.
- `verbosity` (Number) The verbosity for the inventory source.
